link https://codepen.io/angel-maya/pen/GRrvBoj?editors=1000

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    It's HTML that gives meaning to our markup
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    It's used for the structure of our website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Information that doesn't render on the page. We put them inside our tags.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used for the most important thing on the page, mainly the header. Should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    src and href 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    <header>
    7. What is an id?
    An attribute 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    all of them
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once
    10. What is a class? 
    an attribute that specifies one or more class names for an HTML element 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any HTML element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many times as you'd like
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    using the <a> element
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    an alternate text for an image
    15. How do I reference an id?
    using the # then the id name 
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section groups the content and appears as an entry. div doesn't really represent anything
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    to design the layout and color of web pages
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    by using a selector then h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    ID is used to identify one single element. class can apply to multiple elements
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    using .classname{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    an element added to a selector that lets you style the selected element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    use line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    use letter-spacing property
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    using uppercase: lowercase: capitalize:
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    using the * selector 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    using /* at the beginning and */ at the end of the comment 
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    the pwd command
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    the ls command 
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm command, you can lose a lot of work
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    to learn good habits and have more flexibility 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    about every 20 mins or so
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 